I am the president of Fan Group
I actually have to wear a diaper to work
Omori Chuchu, why are you here?
What is this?
This is work for emergencies
Hahaha
Ah!
What about grandma?
I'm going to see grandma. Well, grandma is inside
You go in.
Okay
Mrs. Fan goes to the temple every weekend to pray
He is also at the temple now.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Hum car
Today is the weekend.
Grandma went to the temple to pray
Why don't you come back another day?
Oops but I brought everything hi
Why don't you put things down?
Just wander around here
Where are you going then?
Are you going to the company this weekend?
Is that so, uncle and lady?
It's closed because of the company holiday.
So today is a normal working day.
Then let's go.
great monk
Hey, come here, come here
You have a good time here, Miss Chu Chu
come
Look at my luxury manor of tens of thousands of square meters
It's the biggest in town. Okay.
Miss Chuchu's money here
The monk's house is too big, right?
I must find a way to live in a restaurant. Wow
There is also a pond
It's so pretty.
Aunt Chu Chu, please sit here first
And I put it in his room.
Sure. There you go.